#summary How to download, install, etc.

== Pre-requisites ==
Download and installation requires a SVN client (e.g. http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org/) and a 7z archive extracter (e.g. http://www.7-zip.org/).

=== Ogre binaries ===
  # Set a global environment variable named OGRE_SRC to some folder (e.g. C:\Ogre).
  # Download the Ogre+dependencies binaries: there is a 7-zip archive (built by Joon) in our Downloads tab. (This contains Stereo-plugin-patched binaries for both Release and Debug builds. Includes Ogre dependencies.)
  # Extract the lib/ and Dependencies/ folders to the OGRE_SRC folder.

== SVN Checkout ==
  # Get a SVN checkout of trunk. For instructions, see:
   http://code.google.com/p/3d-scene-editor/source/checkout

=== VRPN ===
  # Open the MSVC solution checkout/src/vrpn/vrpn.sln (should be MSVC++ 2005).
  # Build both Release and Debug versions of the solution. (It should contain the following VRPN projects: quatlib, vrpn, vrpndll, and vrpn_server.)

=== Compiling ===
  # Open the MSVC solution checkout/src/VEProj4.sln (should be MSVC++ 2005).
  # Build the project in Release mode.

=== Running ===
  # Download the Ogre/Plugin Debug and Release DLLs 7-zip archives from our Downloads tab. (These contain Stereo-plugin patched DLLs for Ogre, plugins, render systems, and dependencies.)
  # Extract both sets of Ogre/Plugin DLLs and place them directly into the checkout/src/VEProj4/ folder.
  # Download the sample resources 7-zip archive (until we get skybox/models of our own).
  # Extract the res.7z to the checkout/src/VEProj4/res folder (merge the skybox and scene folders).
  # Run the app. You should get a city skybox and a street ground-plane (with street lights).

=== Issues ===
  # We've had "side-by-side configuration errors" with the Debug Ogre DLLs. You will probably need to run the application in release mode.


Note: The "checkout" folder is wherever you did a SVN checkout of our project.