#summary Project Assignment

{{{
Assignment #4 – Interfaces and VR Art
CIS4930/6930 –Virtual Environments
Due: April 21st, 2009 (4 PM)

Create a virtual experience using:
1)	6 DOF head tracking
2)	Mechanisms to enhance presence (haptics, user priming, and audio)
3)	New 6DOF tracked physical interface device (the physical component)
4)	New VE interface  (the virtual component)

To provide the user an artistic experience.

Allow the user to either 1) create an artistic experience or 2) experience an artistic piece.  The experience should leverage the benefits of VR (15 percent of total grade).

The experience should have a beginning and end.

You can incorporate models you’ve found on the web, but you must explicitly denote which models you’ve created and which models you’ve downloaded.

Graduate Student requirement: must create a tracked physical device.  Undergraduates only need to create a new VE interface.

The team with three members has to enable the system to: provide the user with at least two tracked physical devices and to provide two acts in the artistic piece.

Undergraduate Grading
All below are graded on accuracy and precision:
		Head Tracking [10 points] 
Creating a tracked physical interface [20 points]
Novel VE interface [25 points]
Audio [10 points]
User Priming [5 points]
The extent your art experience leveraged VR [20 points]

Graduate Grading
All below are graded on accuracy and precision:
		Head Tracking and Stereo[10 points] 
Creating a tracked physical interface [20 points]
Novel VE interface [20 points]
Audio [10 points]
User Priming [5 points]
Give the user an hardcopy of their experience [e.g. a print out of their artistic creation or a video of their experience]
The extent your art experience leveraged VR [20 points]

Turn in  (5 points):
Create a webpage for your project.  The webpage should include the following:
·	Video of the system in action 
·	Samples of at least three user created artistic pieces or a videos of user reactions of the art experience.
·	Information about the project
·	Link to a .zip of your code + executable (I’ll download it and save it).

Presentation (5 points):
·	2 minutes explain virtual experience (PowerPoint)
·	3 minute demo of work
·	2 minutes show examples of produced work or videos of users going through the experience
·	2 minutes of future work

Each teammate will evaluate the other teammate’s contribution and ability to work as a teammate.
}}}